reference: add info for error codes (#2429)
pingcap/docs: reference/error-codes.md

    Usually this error does not occur. If you encounter this error, contact PingCAP for support or seek help via the official forum.

* Error Number: 8025

    The single Key-Value pair being written is too large. The largest single Key-Value pair supported in TiDB is 6 MB.
    
    If a pair exceeds this limit, you need to manually deal with this row of data to meet the 6 MB limit.

* Error Number: 8026

    The interface function being used has not been implemented. This error is only used internally, and is not returned to the application.

* Error Number: 8027

    The table schema version is outdated. TiDB uses the F1 online schema change algorithm to execute DDL. When the table schema version of TiDB server is older than that of the entire system, this error is returned if you execute a SQL statement.

    When this error occurs, check the network between the TiDB server and PD Leader.

* Error Number: 8028

    The table schema has changed.
    TiDB does not support table lock, which is called metadata lock in MySQL and might be called intention lock in other databases.

>     When a transaction is executed, the transaction cannot perceive the table schema changes. Therefore, when committing a transaction, TiDB checks the table schema related the transaction. If the related table schema has changed during the execution, the transaction commit will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When a transaction is executed, the transaction cannot recognize the table schema changes. Therefore, when committing a transaction, TiDB checks the table schema related the transaction. If the related table schema has changed during the execution, the transaction commit will fail and this error is returned.
```

    The application can safely retry the whole transaction.

* Error Number: 8029

    This error occurs when numeric conversion within the database encounters an error. This error is only used internally and is converted to a specific type of error for external applications.

* Error Number: 8030

    After an unsigned positive integer is converted to a signed integer, it exceeds the maximum value and displays as a negative integer. This error mostly occurs in the alert message.

* Error Number: 8031

    When being converted to an unsigned integer, a negative integer is converted to a positive integer. This error mostly occurs in the alert message.

* Error Number: 8032

    Invalid `year` format is used. `year` only accepts 1, 2 or 4 digits.

* Error Number: 8033

    Invalid `year` value is used. The valid range of `year` is (1901, 2155).

* Error Number: 8037

>     Invalid `mode` format is used in the `week` function. `mode` must be 1 digit in [0, 7].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Invalid `mode` format is used in the `week` function. `mode` must be 1 digit within [0, 7].
```
